Everyone is online and computers are all around us in our pockets,
on our wrist, in our cars,
in our homes, and of course,
around us in our businesses.
With all of this technology,
comes risks and dangers.
What if someone was able to gain access to your computer's accounts and sensitive data?
How much damage could they do?
What do you need to do to secure your technologies?
It's up to each of us to do our part in securing our cyber world.
Failure to do so,
not only affects you,
but the world, businesses,
and people around you.
That should be a reason why you're in this course.
For example, you click on a link in an e-mail,
not realizing that it leads to a malicious website,
that then download some ransomware on your computer and holds
your organizations critical information hostage
until you pace a Bitcoin to get it released.
Learning how to protect yourself better online,
maybe one reason you're in this course.
Another reason maybe to get employed in a cybersecurity career.
According to Security magazine,
76 percent of cybersecurity leaders believe there is a shortage of cybersecurity skills.
That means, there are many opportunities for cybersecurity professionals.